tools: update Syncer check section (#916)
pingcap/docs: tools/syncer.md

>         1 row in set (0.00 sec)

Reviewer: I find some SQL execution result table is not line alignment, we'd can paste execution result directly and it will look better

        1 row in set (0.01 sec)
        ```

        If the result of `binlog_row_image` is not `FULL`, set it to `FULL` using the following command:

        ```sql
        mysql> set global binlog_row_image = FULL;
        Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.01 sec)
        ```

4. Check user privileges.

    1. Check the user privileges required by mydumper for full data export.

>         - To export the full data using mydumper, the user must have the privilege of `select, reload`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - To export the full data using mydumper, the user must have the privileges of `select` and `reload`.
```
